Clarify effects of changes (#2703)
mendix/docs: content/releasenotes/developer-portal/deployment.md

* We improved the error handling and feedback of the scale app functionality for Mendix Cloud v4. (Ticket 103304) 
* We fixed an issue where some customers were not able to access the [Deploy APIs](/apidocs-mxsdk/apidocs/deploy-api). (Ticket 103241)
* We fixed an issue where some customers were unable to manually add certificates to [access restriction profiles](/developerportal/deploy/environments#asp). (Ticket 102615)

> * We have modified the [Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node](/refguide/project-menu#deploy) flow in Mendix Studio Pro. When selecting **Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node** is clicked in Mendix Studio Pro, your application will be automatically be deployed to the *Mendix Studios Target* environment of your licensed node. This deployment will include a restart of that environment. It is now only possible to deploy Mendix Cloud v4 applications which have a [Mendix Studios Target](/developerportal/deploy/studio-deployment-settings#target) set. Please note that you will get an error message if you deploy from Studio Pro when no **Mendix Studios Target** is set.

Reviewer: Yes, there is selecting and clicking - Is this better
```suggestion
* We have modified the [Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node](/refguide/project-menu#deploy) flow in Mendix Studio Pro. When **Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node** is selected in Mendix Studio Pro, your application will automatically be deployed to the *Mendix Studios Target* environment of your licensed node. This deployment will include a restart of that environment. It is now only possible to deploy Mendix Cloud v4 applications which have a [Mendix Studios Target](/developerportal/deploy/studio-deployment-settings#target) set. Please note that you will get an error message if you deploy from Studio Pro when no **Mendix Studios Target** is set.
```

> * We have modified the [Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node](/refguide/project-menu#deploy) flow in Mendix Studio Pro. When selecting **Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node** is clicked in Mendix Studio Pro, your application will be automatically be deployed to the *Mendix Studios Target* environment of your licensed node. This deployment will include a restart of that environment. It is now only possible to deploy Mendix Cloud v4 applications which have a [Mendix Studios Target](/developerportal/deploy/studio-deployment-settings#target) set. Please note that you will get an error message if you deploy from Studio Pro when no **Mendix Studios Target** is set.

Reviewer: @feddovanede 
Is this suggestion OK.
If it's OK, I'm ready to publish.

> * We have modified the [Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node](/refguide/project-menu#deploy) flow in Mendix Studio Pro. When selecting **Deploy to Licensed Cloud Node** is clicked in Mendix Studio Pro, your application will be automatically be deployed to the *Mendix Studios Target* environment of your licensed node. This deployment will include a restart of that environment. It is now only possible to deploy Mendix Cloud v4 applications which have a [Mendix Studios Target](/developerportal/deploy/studio-deployment-settings#target) set. Please note that you will get an error message if you deploy from Studio Pro when no **Mendix Studios Target** is set.

Author: I'm ok with this!
